fix: docs about required flags that read from config (#455)
salesforcecli/sf-plugins-core: messages/messages.md

# flags.targetOrg.summary

> Username or alias of the target org. Can be omitted if `target-org` exists in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Username or alias of the target org. Not required if the `target-org` configuration variable is already set.
```

# flags.targetDevHubOrg.summary

> Username or alias of the Dev Hub org. Can be omitted if `target-dev-hub` exists in the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Username or alias of the Dev Hub org. Not required if the `target-dev-hub` configuration variable is already set.
```
